# Fluxa
Generated by [Rojo](https://github.com/rojo-rbx/rojo) 7.4.2.

## Description
Fluxa is meant to be a complete substitute to Roblox's default Animator and AnimationController instances. Instead of ever dealing with Roblox's limited animation features. You simply load KeyframeSequences and procedurally program your animations to life. I personally was needing a workflow like this. So I decided to make this a package for anyone who might look for something similar. This allows for more things that Roblox just doesn't have yet... Those things might look like Unity or Unreal's blueprints/nodes/graph editors. The possibilities are really endless here because it's just all code and not Roblox's currently limited system. If you have questions I suggest joining my Discord server: https://discord.gg/ubBQapeyvX

## Background
Fluxa was created for a parkour game that I was working on as of 4/13/2026 to broaden my horizons into the world of Blender character creation. Along with this I really wanted to expand beyond Roblox's IK stuff and really get into special IK-FK animations and custom locomotion driven animations.

## ⚠️ Project Status Notice
Fluxa is currently in active development, and the API, structure, and features are subject to change as the library evolves.
Full documentation is not available yet -- it will be added once the API stabilizes.
For now, you can learn the basics by exploring the demo place included in this repository.
Additional examples will be created for every feature in future updates.

## Getting Started
For Rojo users: In your wally.toml, add the following line to your dependencies.

Use

fluxa = "brycki404/fluxa@1.0.1"

For Studio users: Download the latest rbxl file from [Github Releases](https://github.com/Brycki404/Fluxa/releases)

For more help, check out [the Rojo documentation](https://rojo.space/docs).